[water rushing]
[upbeat guitar tune]
[flute playing a calm tune]
[birds chirping]
[muffled thunder]
[crickets chirping]
[distant siren]
[child chattering
indistinctly]
[woman] I know. I see it.
- I see it.
- Hey, mummy!
What's that for?
- Filtering water.
- Uh-huh.
And that?
That's to dig a hole
to burry your shit.
- No.
- Yeah.
That's disgusting.
Glad to know you care
about what I'm doing.
- Chris.
- That's a headlamp.
Which is also a flashlight.
No, it's a little flashlight.
It's, like, little.
How many lights do you need?
- Did you wash these?
- I washed the things
you told me to.
But were these
with the things?
You have no idea how much
preparation this takes.
Wash them in a river
if you have to.
- Jesse!
- Yeah?
Can you get me a tampon?
That drawer.
Thank you.
How is it not going
to get smooshed?
Because my dehydrated
peanut butter is going
to work as a cushion.
[alarm clock beeps]
Come on! Come on, come one.
What?
[upbeat music continues]
[sighs]
Alright?
[cheers]
- We love this!
- Dad...
- It's great.
- Come on.
[music fades]
Hey.
Get in the back.
- What?
- Can you get in the back?
Why do I have
to go in the back?
Because I'm
asking you so nicely.
Three weeks ago
you said you were gonna go!
Sam's going. Everybody's
ready to go but you.
Yeah. Cause I'm...
[raised voices]
I don't care! Go without me.
I'm fine, I'm fine!
- Hey!
- Little shit!
- You want me to...?
- No, leave it.
I don't wanna look at his
ugly little face this weekend.
[loud drilling]
- Are you sure?
- Just drive.
- Is Dylan not coming?
- No.
- Do you want me to try?
- No, no.
Let's just go.
Stephanie's gonna
fucking love this.
[radio plays a gentle song]
- God.
- You want me to drive?
- Not really.
- Watch out for this guy.
I see him. Got the two eyes.
They're going this way.
That scaffolding
has been there for 14 years.
I'm not kidding.
It's not cheap
to have that up.
- You want this down?
- No. Can you...?
Okay. Do you want it up?
Yeah. It's, like
going in my face.
Thank you.
- Matt...
- There's a glitch. Sorry.
Stop!
- Thank you.
- Some sort of wiring thing.
- Sure.
- Something with the wires.
Oh, there it goes.
[calm guitar music]
How many miles a day?
Divided up,
it should be eight or nine.
Have we done that much before?
Well, it's all about
the terrain.
We have done the mileage, like
we did on the Mirror trail.
Remember?
So go pick him up!
Well, then tell him
to take the subway!
I don't care.
Good luck with that.
Fuck.
[calm music continues]
20.92.
3.99 on sale. You want one?
Matt, no. Put it all back.
The umbrella
will stay in the car.
The rest is for tonight.
You seriously need
16 ounces of jalapeno cheese?
- Yeah, I might.
- I got it.
No, I got it. I just booked
an IBS commercial, so...
You want some gum?
No. I'm good.
You need to learn
to indulge yourself.
Your dad likes to deny himself
the simple pleasures in life.
Because. I don't know, he's...
A pleasure for me
is to not carry around
a bunch of useless food
that has no nutritional value.
- This is, like, an ounce.
- [sings] Ounces make pounds.
[calm music continues]
Divorce is a lot of work.
But marriage was work
and divorce was the fun part.
It's all work and compromise.
[laughs]
Tell me about one time
you've compromised.
That's the problem.
April and I didn't compromise.
That's why we're divorced.
Casey does
all your compromising for you.
Some marriages
are easier than others.
I need a Casey.
You've got to figure it out,
make the old
work with the new.
I gave her the apartment.
I didn't have to do that.
I mean,
she's living in the apartment.
His life's basically unchanged
because I'm bending over
backwards to make sure of it.
What the fuck
is he so angry about?
His parents'
relationship ending?
Oh, hello.
Are you eavesdropping on us
back there?
I'm literally a
a foot away from you.
Then why don't
you weigh in?
- On what?
- On my dilemma.
- What's your dilemma?
- That everyone's mad at me.
Sure, it's more
complicated than that.
I don't know.
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know, maybe
you should think about
how it's complicated,
like, specifically
for Stephanie and Dylan.
And then you won't have
a dilemma anymore.
Just fix it.
I'm just saying,
think about it
from everyone's perspective.
That's all I do.
I try to figure out
what they're thinking.
Dad, can I drive? I'm carsick.
You're sick
because you're texting.
Dad.
[notification sound]
Shit.
Can you check that, Sammy.
Better check.
Sharon said,
"Did the approvals
come through?"
Text her that I spoke
to my guy at the city.
We expect the approvals
on the Tuesday
after the holiday.
"My guy at the city..."
- Okay.
- What'd she say?
I don't know, I just sent it.
Okay. She's typing.
Uh-huh.
She said,
"Construction must
start by Tuesday."
Oh, for Christ's sake.
Alright.
Uh...
Just tell her,
"The work will be completed
on the agreed upon date."
It's kind of cold.
Well, what would you say?
I don't know, like...
"Even if we don't...
Even if we
aren't able to meet..."
You can't just roll over
for these women.
They'll keep asking
for the next thing.
What do you mean,
"these women"?
How stupid is it.
This outdoor kitchen that is
three feet from
her indoor kitchen.
Can you just call her?
- I'm driving.
- Okay, let me drive.
Text her, "Roger that."
- R, O, G, E...
- Yeah, I got it.
Sent it.
[grunts]
You could have
left the umbrella.
Yeah.
You didn't tell me that
we were sharing a room.
Oh, God.
You'll survive.
[sighs]
It was the biggest smile
that her plastic surgery
would allow.
- Like this?
- Like that.
Oh, here it is.
Alright. You've got some cod.
Thank you.
And a couple of burgers.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Another beer?
- Yeah.
Same.
I don't think I've ever seen
you eat this much.
This is a regular
amount of food.
I didn't know you ate meat.
I thought you
were a vegetarian.
I eat meat at lunch.
Really?
I've never been
a vegetarian, Dad.
You seem like one, though.
Don't you think?
- Sort of. Yeah.
- Just a little bit?
- No.
- Slight...?
- A shading of vegetarianism.
- No.
- No?
Get your own.
Fair trade.
I don't want your frozen fish.
You'll be dreaming of it
after three days
of powdered peanut butter.
I like the peanut butter.
It's good. I put it in my
smoothies and stuff.
- Jesse's addicted, too.
- Who's Jesse?
Your lady friend?
You have a little
food on your lip.
She's my friend.
What's her deal?
Um.
She's going to NYU next year
for photography.
You're lucky, man.
This one likes girls.
Boys are fucked up.
You should see
Dylan's browser history.
The internet is a dark place.
I tried to tell him that.
The search terms are
from a fucking horror movie.
I wish we were four,
but three will do.
[eerie chiming music]
[coughs]
[laughs]
Eww!
This was today?
Jesse!
- Miércoles is Wednesday.
- Right.
Sábado is Saturday.
- Yeah.
- What is Monday?
- Lunes?
- Lunes. Is martes Tuesday?
- Maybe. I don't know.
- Lunes, martes, miércoles.
- Thursday...
- Viernes Is Friday, right?
Yeah. Sabado.
Is domingo Sunday?
Domingo. Yeah, maybe domingo.
We have six out of seven.
That's not fucking bad.
[eerie music continues]
We're leaving.
[door squeaks]
Okay, so on this curve,
just easy.
- Easy.
- I'm taking them easy.
Yeah, yeah.
It's just sometimes
it doesn't feel easy.
I'm just driving.
Okay, slow
down a little bit.
I'm going the speed limit.
You're actually
going five miles over.
I'm not. And you always
go at least ten over.
That is my
privilege as father.
She's a better
driver than you, man.
That's because
I taught her.
Thank you, Matt.
Take a left up here.
[birds chirping]
Okay.
Damn! That's heavy.
- You're joking.
- What?
We are hiking all day.
Yeah.
So it's going to be
be a lot heavier
after an hour or seven.
I'm fine.
Uh-huh. Take that off.
Let's do a little
necessity inspection.
- Oh my God.
- Oh my God!
That is heavy.
What the hell
do you have in here?
Okay.
It's this thing.
What am I feeling here?
Oh my God. You
think you're even
going to make a dent in that?
I'm not gonna twiddle
my thumbs at night.
I brought playing cards.
Another extravagance
I don't approve of.
Oh, in here is something
you could have lived without.
And more denim.
I'm not going to wear the same
pair of jeans for three days.
You shouldn't be wearing
jeans at all!
My God, Matt!
This weight
is going to be killing you.
- I can handle it.
- You have, like, four cups.
Like, how many do you need?
[calm chiming music]
Hey, what's your
favorite color?
- I don't know. Blue?
- But is it really blue?
I don't know.
Does it matter?
I always wonder.
When people ask
me that question,
if I'm giving a real answer,
or if I'm just
saying the first thing
that pops into my head?
Who asks a grown man
what his favorite color is?
You would be surprised.
I always say
orange, but I think
I only say that
because it's bright.
Not all oranges are bright.
I guess I'm talking about
bright orange.
You're an odd man.
I didn't think bright orange
existed in nature
until I saw this mushroom cap.
It was fucking neon.
Oh, and newts.
There's an orange newt.
You know newts
have been in space?
A lot of animals
have been in space.
So it doesn't move you at all
to think about
this tiny amphibian
being plucked
from the forest floor
and flung into outer space?
[breathes heavily]
I think I could have been
a philosopher in another life.
I would have been happy
with that life.
It's not really
a job, is it?
I'm talking about fantasy.
You could be a
philosophy professor
who wrote on the side.
Yeah, a philosopher.
- What about you?
- What do you mean?
In another life.
I'm happy with the
one I've made now.
If you had to choose.
Bookshop owner.
What about you, Sam?
I feel like I still get
to choose this life.
You better not waste it,
cause you only get one.
Nobody can say you
haven't made the most of it.
What's that supposed to mean?
Just that you've enjoyed life.
- And?
- And it's a good thing.
Well, you've
enjoyed life too.
It's not an accusation, man.
It feels a little accusy.
[mutters]
Oh, for crying out loud.
[wailing]
[whooping]
[indistinct chatter]
[shouting playfully]
How was your nature pee?
It's great.
The bars were supposed
to be packed on top.
You packed the bars.
I think I could do it.
People train for,
like, a year, Matt.
But if I had to, like,
gun to my head,
I would get through it.
There's a whole strategy.
It's not just, like, running.
It's training certain
muscles to perform
in a certain way, about pace.
You can't just jump into it.
Then how come there's always
some 80-year-old dude
hustling with
the 25-year-olds?
Because he's probably
been doing it his whole life.
The impression I get
is that his wife died
and he needs
a purpose in life.
Okay. But I think for you,
since we're talking about you,
I think it's going to take
more than just grief
to get you in
the marathon flow.
I'll train.
I'm just saying, you want to
ease your way into that.
I don't think
you want to, like...
It's like steps.
You're just jealous
because I can run a marathon.
I'm not jealous
that you can run a marathon
because you haven't run
a marathon.
But you get back to me
when that happens.
Count on it.
Come on.
Just keep it coming.
Can you hand me
your sleeping bag?
Yeah.
I realized a lot of miles ago
that I left it in the car.
Are you serious?
What are you
going to sleep in?
- What's up?
- Matt forgot his sleeping bag
You're gonna be cold.
I got a beanie.
I did send you a list.
I thought that was the stuff
you were bringing.
Interesting you
managed to bring booze
and didn't bring
a sleeping bag.
I figured I'd need it
for the cold.
[ethereal music]
Fucking lighter.
Sam, do you know
where the lighter is?
Why don't you just rub
sticks together?
Thank you.
[laughter]
[man] Trail friends!
Hey, company!
Other people!
- What's up?
- Hey.
Hello.
- Welcome.
- It's a nice little spot
you got here.
- Good real estate.
- Thanks.
And this is nice.
Is this vintage?
Yeah, well, I'm vintage, so...
[laughter]
He's going to be vintage cold
because he forgot
his sleeping bag.
You want to
borrow mine, big guy?
Yeah. This guy runs hot.
No. I'm good.
You should take it.
I'm gonna be
monastic about it.
No frills.
Just me and the forest floor.
Cool. Yeah. Me too.
So say if you need it.
Great. Thanks.
Hey, I want the
flat spot tonight.
I was on a hill last night.
Okay, let's get one thing
straight, though.
That's the pee rock.
And then 40 meters that way,
that's the poop rock.
Are they staying here?
That's fine. Is that my cup?
- Are they staying here?
- It's fine.
It sucks when you need
to pee and you see a poop
right next to it.
I'm gonna go
scout a poop spot.
I'll scout a pee spot.
Not yet.
Patience.
Careful.
I'm careful.
I know how to cut
a scallion, Dad.
Totally.
My girlfriend at the time
was a witch.
- And...
- Hook me up.
You know, she kind of got me
into doing a daily reading
and...
But then I actually found
a lot of value.
You know,
kind of just a nice framework
to kind of approach the day.
Oh yeah.
Perfect.
- I haven't had a reading.
- Oh.
I'm interested.
I'd love to do one for you
if you don't mind.
- Tonight?
- I don't have my deck on me.
- I have a deck.
- You have a deck on you?
When do you
put the scallions?
What kind of
deck do you use?
You garnish
with the scallions.
- Oh, I see, it's a garnish.
Put it on top.
It doesn't go
in with the rest.
- She knows what she's doing.
[indistinct chatter]
That's a very steady pour.
Did you notice that, Matt?
It's a very steady pour.
Do you guys
want chili flakes?
Yes, please.
- I want everything.
- All of it?
Well, not the whole bottle
of chili flakes.
Of course not.
I'd like the whole complement,
the little magical things
in that plastic bag
that you brought.
- Cheers, boys.
- Cheers.
- Cheers, guys.
Love you guys.
Mmm.
Mmm!
- It's yours.
- Thank you, Sam.
Thank you.
God, this smells good.
You guys are
like little monsters.
You okay?
It's just...
It's just so good.
I wish Dylan was here
so he could try it.
What was our first hike?
Was it the year
we graduated?
It was a year
after we were out of college.
You just started dating April.
God, she was hot.
You're talking about
Sam's mother, Matt.
I know Mom's hot.
- You guys had
just started dating.
I was super pissed
that you brought her along.
- She was the only one
that knew where we were going.
She did everything.
We were hopeless.
You were hopeless.
It was such a crazy idea.
So we're going up
this steep mountain road...
With the cliff.
Like, two inches
from the edge.
- You could see skid marks
going off the cliff.
And it was pitch black.
- Couldn't see a thing,
not even a moon out.
April had to tape a flashlight
to the cliff side of the car.
- And it's a 200-dollar
beater of a car that we had.
A disaster. That wasn't even
the weird part
of the whole trip.
[laughs]
- What was her name?
- Angela.
- Who's Angela?
She wore flip-flops
the whole...
I was dating her. She wore...
Yeah. Matt couldn't handle
being alone,
so he manifests this female
to bring along.
- Well, we properly did it.
She'd met my mom,
but she wore...
[laughs] She
hiked in flip-flops.
- The whole time!
- I even know that
you don't do that.
But then she just left.
- Do you remember that?
- I remember.
And we only had one car.
I don't know how she...
She walked home
in her flip-flops?
Was something wrong with her?
She was schizophrenic or...?
Yeah, but I don't...
I don't think
that's why she left.
I mean, maybe...
- It's because you farted her
out of the tent.
[laughter]
You two are fools.
- In the tarot,
the fool's actually awesome.
It's like a...
innocent adventurer.
I hope I'm a fool.
When I'm old.
You can't play that.
Aces are not high.
- Since when?
- The beginning
of the 19th century.
When the game was invented.
Walking is cool.
I love walking.
Yeah. Our buddy Josh
was supposed to come too,
but his cousin died,
and now he's
walking to Canada.
- Yeah.
- To honor his cousin.
Did his cousin walk?
- No. His cousin died.
- When I was in my 20s,
my ex and I,
we hiked through Patagonia.
- Oh, we did that!
- Took a lifetime.
We did that last year.
We did six weeks
in South America.
We've got to get back there.
You guys ever go to Alaska?
Yeah, we did rovers,
like, three years ago.
It's too cold for me.
It's cold.
I don't like that too much.
- Wow.
Well, I'm thinking
of doing a trek across China.
Putting a crew together
three to four weeks next year.
Are you? How's Casey
gonna feel about that?
What do you mean?
She'd come with.
With the kid?
This guy looks old,
but he actually has a baby.
- Whoa!
- Seriously, how's
Casey gonna feel like
if you take off for a month.
- I don't consider it
taking off.
You know, the best thing
you can do is have a family.
That's the last step
in your maturity.
And sometimes they're gonna
hate you. And sometimes...
they gonna even want
to hang out with
you, like this one.
Would you consider
trekking across China with me?
Yeah, that sounds cool.
I'd trek across
China with you, man.
I'm in.
Now we've got our team.
Matt, you come too,
but you got to
work on your core.
I gotta piss.
[crickets chirping,
bird calls, animals rustling]
- Are you sleeping?
- I am.
OK.
[calm music]
- It's ready now.
- It's not.
It's gotta get to a full boil.
Otherwise, the bean doesn't...
...meet its potential.
You need the bean to meet it's
potential.
[grunts]
Okay.
[clears throat]
Hey.
How'd you sleep?
Soundly.
Were you one with the forest?
[electric buzzing]
A slug.
Oh yeah.
You probably shouldn't
eat food in the tent.
I need my night snacks.
You had food in
the tent last night?
- Just a little bit.
- What were you thinking?!
A bear can smell
a fucking blueberry, Matt!
- I have low blood sugar.
- I don't care what you have!
Be reckless with your kid!
That's my daughter!
- Dad, it's okay.
- Okay. Chill.
- No, it's not!
- Chill, chill.
He's right.
I'm sorry, Christopher.
[sighs]
French fries,
soggy from the
oil, but still crispy,
dipped in mayonnaise.
Strawberry milkshake.
Very cold.
Okay. Wedge salad with
a ribeye and creamed spinach.
And two martinis.
Um...
Fried chicken sandwich I had
I had that had this, like,
jalapeno coleslaw.
Soup dumplings, piping hot,
but cool enough
you don't burn your mouth.
Grilled cheese with
American cheese,
tomato and a Coke.
- Very cold, from the can.
- You know what?
Just a simple fried egg
with bacon and sausage
and hash browns,
and two blueberry pancakes
with maple syrup.
And also a waffle.
Sounds reasonable.
- Here.
- Nah...
We're gonna get more.
No. I'm good.
Okay, give me that water.
Okay, let's do this.
[water rushing]
This make our top five?
Yeah, I think it does.
[phones buzzing]
Oh.
This must be the elevation.
[notification sounds]
[sighs]
Everything okay with work?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Yeah. I didn't come up here
to think about that.
Oh, Jesus.
Okay.
No more.
Dad.
Stop.
What?
- No.
- Come on.
Hey, Matt,
will you take a picture of us?
Let's see.
Okay.
- Thank you.
- You can see my bald spot.
- Isn't that nice?
- I like that one.
We got to do this more often.
I got to do this more often.
I got to, like, hike
the whole West
Coast or something.
[scoffs] Yeah. You should.
Why?
[chuckles] No. Absolutely.
Dad...
What?
You should do that.
That'd be fun.
[fire crackling,
crickets chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
It's so quiet.
[insect buzzing]
Oh.
Alright. You ready
to be freaked the fuck out?
This is gonna be
so fucking scary
you're gonna shit your pants.
Oh, okay.
Okay.
So this happened to Allison,
who works for me.
And she was, uh...
She is a very nice girl.
But she's had
such a terrible time
meeting guys, right?
Very bad luck.
But finally she
meets this guy online,
and she's smitten with him,
and he is smitten with her.
And, in fact,
they're a couple of smittens.
And he has a cabin
in the woods.
In... in...
deep woods.
Oh my God.
What?
[chuckles]
This is...
Focus! This is...
Anyway, so they go up there.
There's no internet
and no cell service.
Oh, and there was
a sound outside.
And so she's like,
I should go outside
and see what's out there.
Is it an animal?
And so she opens the door
and she steps outside.
Dad, you're terrible at this.
[laughter]
This is real!
You're supposed
to be confident
in all your details
and everything.
- That's what makes it scary.
- It wasn't an animal.
It was the ex-girlfriend.
She had a knife or something.
Maybe it was the neighbor.
Anyway, the end.
I was just getting going.
You have no patience.
Dad... [laughs]
That was the worst.
Okay, I've got one.
And this is
a real-life true story
that you better
brace yourself for
because it's fucking spooky.
So there's this guy.
We'll call him...
Smatt.
No, Pat, we'll call him Pat.
So Pat is a successful man
of stage and screen.
For example, he
has a recurring role
in an early 2000' crime drama
and with that money,
he buys an apartment.
And he's living
high on the hog.
People love him
and he's got a wife,
and soon he'll have a son.
And everybody is living
high on the hog
until work starts to dry up
and he can't book.
And the residuals
only take him so far.
And his wife is a poet,
which to her credit,
she did start teaching
adult ESL classes at night.
But it's not gonna put the boy
through college.
So Patty boy starts to panic.
And another
actor friend of his
sells blenders on commission.
So on his darkest day,
Pat signs on.
And you know what?
He's amazing.
He's great at selling
toasters and blenders.
He's so good, in
fact, that they pay him
to train the other employees
and they fly him to Vegas,
they put him up
at Caesars Palace.
He's training
hundreds of failed actors
to sell these products.
And one night
at the craps table,
a female trainee
puts her hand on his knee
and she asks him up
to her room,
and, well...
he does a stupid,
stupid thing.
It's pretty spooky, right?
You do the bad thing, and...
I don't know,
you keep thinking
about the bad thing,
and the bad thing
is all you think about.
Multiple times a day.
And one day you realize,
oh, I only thought about
the bad thing once today.
That's not even the thing
that made her leave.
She never even really knew
about it.
Then you think about
the bad thing a little bit,
but then you kind of
can't even remember
what the bad thing was.
And after a while
you don't think about it.
It's like it never
even happened.
[laughs]
Fuck.
I'm sorry.
I'm really weepy lately.
I was so in love with her.
Remember when she got pregnant
and I got so sick
and I put on, like, 15 pounds,
and we joked that it was
like a sympathetic reaction.
But she never knew this...
[voice cracking]
That I actually
felt her labor.
I felt myself being torn
wide open.
That's a thing.
In Papua New Guinea,
the husband will build a hut,
and when the wife
is giving labor,
he'll like, enact labor,
he'll basically do
a labor ritual.
I don't know why we
don't do that in our culture.
I certainly felt that.
And now
all I'm thinking about is,
this is my future.
I don't know
how he became so...
Yeah. Untethered.
Oh, man.
It happens to the best of us.
The worst just
doesn't happen to you.
You're involved
in the process.
Well, I didn't want
to get divorced.
It wasn't my idea,
for the record.
Maybe mom
wouldn't want if you
didn't do things that
made her want to.
I didn't do things
until after she did things.
So it's both your faults.
That's my point.
I just couldn't make
your mother happy.
Okay.
She's right. You're right.
We're all complicit.
How did you get so wise?
I'm not really.
So tell me this.
What's next for me?
Hmm...
This might be really spooky.
[laughs]
Um...
I'd say...
in two to three months
you're gonna meet
a beautiful 25-year-old.
And then you're
gonna stay in it
because it's fun.
She's gonna stay in it.
Then it's gonna get
kind of serious
when she turns 30.
[laughs]
Cause she's gonna want
to start doing adult things,
you know, like, have the kids,
do the marriage, you know.
And, I mean, you're 60,
so you have no control.
You're gonna do
whatever she says.
So then you are gonna be 60
with a newborn.
Alright. Okay.
Yeah. Alright, we get it.
I'm just kidding.
It's depressingly accurate.
When will my son
stop hating me?
Never.
But look what you made.
Made a good one.
I tried not to fuck her up.
I don't think it's a matter of
whether he hates you or not.
I think right now he feels
the need to protect Stephanie.
Yeah.
So right now,
just don't make him
pick sides.
I just think about
all the bad things about me
that she's filling
his head with.
I mean, you're
always gonna wonder
what she's saying about you.
But the best thing you can do
in this situation
is just say only
nice things about her.
Try it. See what happens.
Too young to be so wise.
Well, I've had
some experience.
[sleepily] You just give Dylan
too much stuff.
He's gotta
take care of himself.
Or do that.
Go to bed, man.
Dad. You're sleeping.
I'm not sleeping.
But I think
I'm gonna go to bed.
Okay. Do you want water?
No, I don't.
I'm good, I'm good, I'm good.
Good. Okay.
- Watch the fire.
- Be right there.
Yeah. I'm okay.
- Sweet dreams, buddy.
- Yep.
[sighs]
[tent zipper closing]
You're pretty smart, huh?
And observant.
- I don't know.
- Oh, yeah. You are.
Okay. Observe me.
You're a little drunk.
[laughs] No, shit.
And sad.
Ding, ding.
You know, I haven't lived
alone in 30 years.
You have Dylan, though.
He thinks my place
is depressing.
It is depressing.
Maybe you should
get some plants.
Plants.
Well, it'll get better.
That's what people say.
Sorry.
It's kind of a dumb thing.
I know. I believe you.
Oh. It's cold.
Yeah.
You know what
kind of moon that is?
- No.
- It's a new moon.
See how you can...
sort of see the rest of it?
Like you can see
the outline of the old moon.
It's called earthshine.
Earthshine.
I love that word.
I'm going to put this out.
Yeah.
Or you can sleep
next to the fire.
It's probably warmer
than your tent.
Unless you can keep me warm.
Yeah. It's not fair.
Your dad gets extra body heat.
I'm gonna get some water.
[birds chirping]
[tense music]
[music fades]
Excited about college?
What?
Are you excited
about college?
What?
I think that's
the first question
you've asked me all weekend.
Come on, I ask you
questions all the time.
Not exactly.
Well, are you?
Sure.
"Sure"?
That's it?
I just don't feel like
talking about it.
Like trying to squeeze water
out of a rock.
I'm just tired.
[laughs]
Stop.
- Dad...
- Come on!
Do you want to take a dip?
Attagirl.
So Matt said something
kind of weird last night.
Yeah? Well, he's a weirdo.
But he was
kind of weird to me.
You know not to listen to him.
No, I know.
It was...
Don't get offended by him.
He has no filter.
I'm not offended by him.
I'm just saying.
He asked me to come into
his tent last night
to keep him warm.
Well, he should have brought
a sleeping bag.
Don't you think that's weird?
I hope you told him
he should freeze
his ass off by himself.
That's what he gets
for not being prepared.
It's not about that.
Come on.
Can we just have a nice day?
Yeah.
[calm harp music]
[music fades]
[breathes heavily]
Jesse: Hey! I know you won't
get this until tomorrow,
but I had to tell you
that Solaris made
fucking tofu lasagna,
and it was
absolutely disgusting.
And she was asking
everyone to go around
and tell her how good it was.
It was a mess.
[laughs]
Anyways...
Obviously, I miss you.
Uh... Yeah.
Bye.
[birds chirping]
[footsteps]
Where were you?
[quietly] Here.
You just up and left?
Yeah, I guess I did.
Well, I guess
I just don't get it.
I didn't think you would.
Sam.
What?
You wanna drive?
No.
Okay.
[whispers] Will you
please drive?
Okay, Dad.
It's locked.
It's locked!
Please, open the door!
Oh my God. Come on!
Hey! Come on! Open the door!
Sam.
Please. I'm tired.
Can you open the...
[lock opening]
Thank you.
[woman sings]
In-between two tall mountains
there's a place
they call Lonesome.
Don't see why
they call it Lonesome;
I'm never lonesome
when I go there.
[calm guitar tune]
See that bird sittin'
on my windowsill?
Well he's sayin'
whip-poor-will
all the night through.
See that brook
runnin' by my kitchen door?
Well, it couldn't talk no more
if it was you.
Up that tree there's
sort of a squirrel thing.
Sounds just like we did
when we were quarrelling.
In the yard
I keep a pig or two.
They drop in for dinner
like you used to do.
I don't stand
in the need of company,
with everything
I see talkin' like you.
Up that tree there's
sort of a squirrel thing.
Sounds just like we did
when we were quarrelling.
You may think
you left me all alone,
but I can hear you talk
without a telephone.
I don't stand
in the need of company,
with everything I see
talkin' like you.
See that bird
sittin' on my windowsill?
Well, he's sayin'
whip-poor-will
all the night through.
Just whip-poor-will
In-between two tall mountains
there's a place
they call Lonesome.
Don't see why
they call it Lonesome;
I'm never lonesome
now I live there.
[man] When did you write that?
How did you happen
to get that idea?
[voice fades]